adding log (#93)
demisto/parse-emails: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
v0.1.27

> * Fixed an issue where *eml* files with UTF8 when CTE is 8bit, failed to parse the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where UTF-8 encoded EML files with 8-bit *Content-Transfer-Encoding* headers could not be parsed correctly.
```
